= Introduction

Post commit allows you to notify several services with simple and elegant DSL. It currently supports 5 services:

* Basecamp
* Campfire
* FriendFeed
* LightHouse
* Twitter
* URL

= Usage

To install Post Commit run the command

  sudo gem install post_commit

and you're good to go!

== Basecamp

To send a Basecamp message you have to inform your subdomain, API token and project id.

  post_commit :basecamp do
    authorize :subdomain => "mycompany", :token => "492bfe53dcd3", :project => 12345, :ssl => true
    post "Some title", "Some message"
  end

== Campfire

To send a Campfire message you have to inform your subdomain, API token and room id.

  post_commit :campfire do
    authorize :subdomain => "mycompany", :token => "ec930a0f7fb1", :room => 12345
    post "Some message"
  end

The Campfire hook supports 3 message types: <tt>text</tt>, <tt>paste</tt> and <tt>twitter</tt>.

  post "Some message"
  post "Some message", :type => :text
  post "Some pasted code", :type => :paste
  post "http://twitter.com/johndoe/statuses/12345", :type => :twitter

== FriendFeed

To send a FriendFeed message you have to inform your username and API token.

  post_commit :friendfeed do
    authorize :username => "johndoe", :token => "wow39dupa"
    post "Check it out this page", :url => "http://example.com"
  end

== LightHouse

To send a LightHouse message you have to inform your subdomain, API token and project id.

  post_commit :lighthouse do
    authorize :subdomain => "mycompany", :token => "2aad05e8b", :project => 12345
    post "Some title", "Some message"
  end

== Twitter

To send a Twitter message you have to inform your username and password.

  post_commit :twitter do
    authorize :username => "johndoe", :password => "mypass"
    post "Hi Twitter!"
  end

The Twitter hook supports public and direct messages.

  post "Hi Twitter!"
  post "Hi Twitter!", :type => :status
  post "Mary, check this out! http://example.com", :type => :direct_message, :screen_name => "marydoe"
  post "Mary, check this out! http://example.com", :type => :direct_message, :user_id => 12345

== URL

To send a message to an arbitrary URL, use the <tt>:url</tt>.

    post_commit :url do
      post "http://example.com", :status => "pending", :id => 1234, :service => "yourapp"
    end

If you need a basic authorization, just inform the <tt>username</tt> and <tt>password</tt>.

    post_commit :url do
      authorize :username => "johndoe", :password => "mypass"
      post "http://example.com", :status => "running", :id => 1234, :service => "yourapp"
    end

= Creating new hooks

To create a new hook, you can extend the <tt>PostCommit::Hooks::Base</tt> class, to bootstrap your own class.

  class Email < PostCommit::Hooks::Base
    def post(message, to)
      ActionMailer::Base.smtp_settings = credentials

      # send the message
    end
  end

Your new hook will be register automatically. By downcasing the class name. So, <tt>LightHouse</tt> will be registered as <tt>:lighthouse</tt>.
To register this hook will other name, you just have to call the <tt>PostCommit::Hooks.register</tt> method.

  PostCommit::Hooks.register :email, Email

Then you can use it through the <tt>post_commit</tt> method.

  post_commit :email do
    authorize :address => "example.com", :user_name => "noreply", :password => "mypass", :authentication => :plain
    post "Some message", "mary@doe.com"
  end

The <tt>authorize</tt> accepts anything you want. In this case, we're providing all SMTP info we want to use.
You can use the <tt>credentials</tt> attribute to retrieve these settings.

= To-Do

* Receive post commits
* URL hook must post JSON and XML data

= Maintainer

* Nando Vieira - http://simplesideias.com.br

= Contributing

Once you've made your great commits:

1.  Fork[http://help.github.com/forking/] the project at http://github.com/fnando/post_commit
2. Create a topic branch - <tt>git checkout -b my_branch</tt>
3. Push to your branch - <tt>git push origin my_branch</tt>
4. Create an Issue[http://github.com/fnando/post_commit/issues] with a link to your branch
5. That's it!

Please respect the indentation rules. And always use 2 spaces.

= License

(The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.